# TESSERAQT-GNU_OS
TesseraQt stands for 4D Qube. We will create a multi-layered 4D operating system by adding QubesOS, which is 3D, and GNU Guix OS, which is 1D.  Ultra reasonably Secure OS.

Qubes OS aims to combine the highly secure Qubes technology (Xen Project based inter-VM interaction) with the GNU Guix OS Linux Libre kernel, which provides high data privacy and does not allow 3rd party software and closed source. By adding Guix containers, which are 3D, into Qube VMs, which are 1 Dimensional, we will get a 4 Dimensional cube. This is how we will create Tesseract. 
The reason why we claim that Qubes OS contains 3 dimensions: The Qubes OS Operating System carries a main operating system, fedora OS, thanks to Xen technology. This is the first dimension. It also contains all the drivers, packages and software needed for data privacy and security in separate virtual machines called Qubes.  This creates a two-dimensional security layer. Inside these virtual machines, programs, software, packages, drivers are installed. Anonymity can also be achieved by building a new virtual machine inside the desired virtual machine, for example by installing whonix and running tor browser on the tor network inside whonix.  This adds another layer of dimension and creates a three-dimensional structure. 

According to our project, for data privacy and security, we will add isolated areas (containers) in Qubes (virtual machines) in the 3rd dimensional layer (and if desired in the first dimension, the main operating system layer) and enable applications, programs, software to be installed in containers. Containers within a Qube will be able to interact with each other through APIs. Also, the container and the virtual machine will interact with each other through APIs. Since Qubes can interact with each other thanks to the Qubes OS infrastructure, containers in different Qubes will also be able to interact with each other. We also chose GNU Guix OS for security reasons: GNU Guix OS does not allow 3rd party software and closed source software and drivers because it uses Linux Libre kernel. This will provide Ultra Reasonably Secure level security. In the future our main operating system (first dimension layer) will be GNU Guix OS. Also qubes virtual machine operating system options will be GNU Guix OS, Parabola OS and Pure OS. Debian and Fedora Qubes OS infrastructure will not be used. The entire system will be built on the Linux Libre kernel, both containers and qubes will be based on Linux Libre. Also, javascript will be blocked in web browsers to maximize security. GNU LibreJS will be installed as an enabled and uninstallable plugin. 
